TEST 1:

1: Others who arrived just after the time of distribution were often forty-eight hours without food. The latter might also be six days without meat.

2: Hundreds of women and children came in every morning to spend the day there, and there was no limitation whatever to the numbers of visitors admitted to the debtors' side.

3: It was thought that this would guarantee constant supervision and inspection, but it did nothing of the kind, and only the presence of warders on duty

4: "The new jails," as Howard says, "having pompous fronts, appear like palaces to the lower class of people, and many persons are against them on this account."

5: It was a special evil of this part of the prison, that the devotional exercises, originally so profitable, had grown into a kind of edifying spectacle.


TEST 2:

main: They did not dislike Calcraft, however, at Newgate. He was an illiterate, simple-minded man, who scarcely remembered what executions he had performed. Besides his employers, a jeweler named Humphreys was in the "swim," at whose shop in Red Lion Square was discovered a quantity of base gold. The internal arrangements of the new model were carefully supervised by a body of distinguished men, among which were many peers, Lord John Russell. The architectural records of the prison end. Nothing much was done at Newgate in the way of building, outside or in, after 1862.

1: Bread raised with what is known to bakers as a “sponge,” requires more time and a trifle more work than the simpler form for which I have just already given directions.

2: The most effective means of preventing such evils in this Works Relief program will be the eternal vigilance of the American people themselves.

3: Of attempting to draw any general distinction between animals and vegetables on this ground. In fact, the difference vanishes with the sunshine.

4: Based on the foregoing considerations, is convenient for distinguishing between animals and plants in all cases except the doubtful unicellar forms.

5: Dr. Carrico inserted a cuffed endotracheal tube past the injury, inflated the cuff, and connected it to a Bennett machine to assist in respiration.
