TEST 1:

1: Christina visited Miami during her winter vacation. She is from Boston, where it is cold during the winter months. Miami, however, has a very warm climate. There are many sunny days in Miami, and people can go to the beach all year long.

2: Additionally, numbers impact everyday living on a much smaller scale. In the grocery store, for instance, numbers determine products' prices, the amount of a product available for purchase, how much money will need to be paid for products, and a whole lot else.

3: Among the popular sights that Rita and Joanne visited are Big Ben, Buckingham Palace, and the London Eye. Big Ben is one of London’s most famous monuments. It is a large clock tower located at the northern end of Westminster Palace.

4: My job is a long distance from my home, almost 50 miles away. I have to wake up early every morning, as I’m always in a rush. There’s never enough time for a relaxed breakfast. 

5: While eating at a restaurant is an enjoyable and convenient occasional treat, most individuals and families prepare their meals at home. To make breakfast, lunch, and dinner daily, these persons must have the required foods and ingredients on hand and ready to go.


TEST 2:

1: Over the years, different groups of people have tried to live in Greenland, but most found it too difficult. One man who did live there, and one of the most famous Greenlanders, was 'Erik the Red'. Erik's name might have come from the colour of his hair and beard, or possibly because of his bad temper.

2: Many people enjoy a cup of coffee at their local coffee shop, but few people know the story of coffee and how it is produced. Coffee growing is a global industry. Research shows that as many as a third of the world's population are coffee drinkers.

3: The fire began on early Sunday morning on the 2nd of September. It started in Pudding Lane in the shop of the king's baker, Thomas Farrinor. When Thomas went to bed, he did not put out the fire that heated his oven. Sparks from the oven fell onto some dry flour.

4: Things made from plastic can be useful for people but bad for the planet. Some plastics can last for a long time without wearing out, and can be difficult to get rid of when they are not needed. They can remain in rubbish dumps called landfill sites for hundreds of years. Landfills can be smelly, ugly, and harmful to our planet.

5: You can buy roses from a garden centre or by mail order. You can buy potted roses, also known as container roses, or bare-root plants. Some gardeners say potted roses are easier to plant. They say the roots develop better. However, bare-root roses come without soil, so they weigh less to transport.
